
Hello, this voice recorder is for Max, Max Stockdale, I'm actually going to say hi. Hello. Okay, and then you can press like stop. Pause.

I'm working on Dragonfly and Capstone work right now. It is Monday at 4.12 in studio.

Hello, this is Max, it is Monday, February 19th at 5.45 and I'm eating dinner from the exchange with Juliet.

I'm at Julia's place 712 isn't a picture worth a thousand words Scott Disick

I'm at Julia's place 712 isn't a picture worth a thousand words Scott Disick

Oh, my God, now, oh, God of the Lamb, I'm going to quit living. Don't my folly discouraging you from going. Oh, Rosh Hashanah, oh, yeah. Oh, Rosh Hashanah, oh, yeah. Oh, Rosh Hashanah, oh, yeah. I wish to rock and roll with the region in your back door knocking. Wannabe, you're here, I'm not stopping. Oh, and when it's three days past three, I'm going to be rocking and rolling. Oh, Rosh Hashanah, oh, yeah. Oh, Rosh Hashanah, oh, yeah. Oh, Rosh Hashanah, oh, yeah. I wish to rock and roll with the land.



Wouldn't there be any message? No, it's fine. They've executed Janny, Colonel McCaffrey. Jesus Christ almighty.

Just started sketching some dragonflies, I'm going to take a break and watch a movie for Modern Ireland and eat some shaws, oh yeah.

What's up, it is 1.39 and I'm heading to the studio, our drawing from nature was cancelled thankfully and I got to sleep in and I didn't do any of my morning routine because I stayed up so late. Okay, on my way to Canada, bye.

Hello, I am in studio, it's 3.30, I just got out of theme park design, um, and it was cool today. Um, and then I just have to eat some food, and I have an info sesh for the Chosen Museum residency tonight at 6.

Alrighty, I'm in my room, it's 7.15, I have break in class from 7 to 9, the children's museum thing went well, and I'm gonna work on capstone and smoke right now.

It's 427, I'm at home, just got back from studio and classes, and I'm gonna do some prep for my questions for the info session for Chosen Museum. Woop!

I'm watching you.

Alright, my to-do list for tomorrow, I'm going to wake up around 9 or 10, I'm going to have some tea, I'm going to pack my bags and head to studio, I have drawing from nature at 12.30 and then I have group work for a theme park design class, we have to work on our secondary character ride, and then after that I need to go to home depot to get stuff for stew, oh and I have the fucking tough art residency thing at 6 on zoom, and then I have class at 7 for rigging, and then I'm chilling, alright.

But it still makes me sad. So true.

Alright, it's 948, I just got home from Juliet's, I'm going to do my rigging animation assignment probably until midnight-ish and then I'm going to smoke, probably during, okay.

I'm at Julia's place 712 isn't a picture worth a thousand words Scott Disick

Hello, this is Max, it is Monday, February 19th at 5.45 and I'm eating dinner from the exchange with Juliet.

I'm working on Dragonfly and Capstone work right now. It is Monday at 4.12 in studio.

Hello, this voice recorder is for Max, Max Stockdale, I'm actually going to say hi. Hello. Okay, and then you can press like stop. Pause.

Se inscreva no canal e ative o sininho para receber notificações de novos vídeos. Até a próxima!

And I'm out.

It's 1138, I'm in our room, and I've got to head to Modern Ireland, then I have Capstone, and then if I have time, Home Depot.

It's 3 a.m. I'm in my room. I just finished work for the night. I'm gonna chill for a little bit. Wash something before I go to bed. But overall I felt pretty productive today. Better than I have. That was good.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------
You guys are about to know me way more in-depth than I know either of you guys, but it's fine.

I feel like a mall cop.

Are you sure? Yeah. Okay.

I'm a girl. I'm a girl. Shut up. No, to like girls I'm like one of the only like, to guys I'm like sometimes the only girl that they interact with.

Do I want to put on perfume?

I'm trying to get off my phone, like I'm wondering what it would be like if I did no phone on Sundays, or like don't go on your phone after 10, but like you can still use your computer if you're that concerned about someone being able to contact you, you can still check your text on your computer, but just like no phone. I also think, like, these are the thoughts I have after going on my phone, like when someone doesn't have social media, like you'll be like oh I'm not on Instagram, I never think like oh the damn that sucks, like oh, I'm always like oh good for them they're free, which is like a terrible thought to have, like I like Instagram but I look at you like this shit is terrible for you.

Conclusion, for you trying to understand me, I like stability and being comfortable. And I don't really like going outside of my box. So if I see a class with the same terrible professor, I will just take it because I already know what it's like.

Also, in just a minute, I meant to say AM, it's 12.30 AM, it's not noon, it's midnight. Karan told me to do like five positive things and five negative things from the day. I think that's a lot, so maybe I'll start with three. Positive, one of my classes was cancelled, so I slept in. Negative on that was I, an entire hour, thought that I should be being more productive or using it to my advantage. I felt like I'm not, I don't think I'm productive enough, I don't think I do enough, but in reality, it's like, oh, you need to put away your clothes now from the laundry you did this morning, or oh, you need to finish this homework assignment that's due on Friday. Just like that pressure I keep on myself for no reason, it really doesn't need to be there. I could just like bop along. Another positive thing, I saw JT, I really like my boyfriend. Negative, we talked about our fight that we had a week ago, and he's low-key like in the right about the fight, so that wasn't like the best, I didn't love that, but like he was right. And then a third positive thing, I took a nap, I really enjoyed the book I'm reading. Oh, and then another negative is, it's been a little hard, I quit varsity volleyball, and then just kind of like dealing with that. I went to the volleyball club practice, but they're not that good, but low-key, like varsity volleyball was terrible. Oh, another positive, I saw Neha today at, like she was a freshman volleyball player, and she's also thinking about quitting, and another girl's thinking about quitting, like it's just a really toxic and terrible environment, the team. For context, they are all thetas, and everyone is really intense, and you practice at 7am. So I saw her, and she, low-key looks like she was about to cry, and I felt bad, but she doesn't know how to quit. I think the only reason I quit was like, if you don't stop something, you grow. Like sometimes being comfortable causes you to grow in the wrong direction, is what I think about a lot. That's what a senior said at the end of the season when she was like, oh, you should quit. And so, there's that. Maybe you guys could do like, for your self-awareness and mental thoughts, don't put pressure on yourself, or be present, or some bullshit motivational quote. I was trying to think about this for you guys. But yeah, this tape recorder, I'm afraid I'm talking too much into it, but I'm sorry. Oh, was I not recording at all? No, I was.

What the fuck?

I'm feeling telepathic. Reed thinks he's very funny, and Loki a little cocky.

blahblahblahblahblah

If I don't eat something, I will kill someone.

I'm someone that likes change and consistency because I purposely chose to take a class again with a professor that people don't like and drop like all semester, like half the class drops. Why? Because I already knew how bad it could be and I already knew how he worked and I already knew how to figure out how to get the green in the class, like just knowing what. And so literally a girl just dropped and now our group has gone down from six to three and we still have to do the same amount of work.

I never did my entries from earlier, like yesterday, like my 5 good, 5 bad, but I don't really care anymore. Like, I have bigger shit, sorry. I don't have bigger shit, I just, I feel like I just am like, the time has passed and I am not going to be doing it to figure out this stupid Excel homework that I don't understand.

When I go on my phone and I go on like Instagram for 10 minutes, I have realized that there is... I don't have any internal thoughts, I have no thoughts, I am brain dead.

I think I need to go home because I think my hair looks like shit.

Smoky. It's like beautiful outside. I don't know, I was in a bad mood, but this was like really, really nice. I should text Stacey and tell her to go outside.

Dude, I just feel like a negative person. Like, I went to office hours and he wouldn't tell us the fucking answers. Like, why the point do you have office hours if you want to help the provider? Like, the school wants you to fail. Like, my partner didn't do shit for the project. So I had to do it all by myself and now I'm like, but I think I'm just hungry. I'm just a very negative person. Like, other thoughts were like, this bitch got me in line. Don't be so negative. My boyfriend forgot to pick me up and I was totally fine. I really didn't care about that, but he felt really bad. Like, now I have to skip, like, now I have to skip, like, a class. I have to try to figure this homework assignment because my partner didn't do her half and now I have to do her half, but I can't go to the office hours because he doesn't want to help us. And I am very annoyed.

It's no longer as nice out as it was earlier, but it's fine. I'll be fine. I couldn't sit in the sun, so I had to go sit in that room and be very, very annoyed.

Also, side note, I'm like, I wonder if Julia does this, like it would make sense for her not to do it, because like you don't want like your boyfriend to be your like person moderating your thing. I also think it's kind of funny how I'm not really close with you guys and I'm like, my thoughts are like, hmm, I'm not, I feel like no Yashin crowd, like kind of, like they're seniors, they're fine, now they're going to know my thoughts for two days, gotta be so lit. Yeah, that's it.

11.45am. I don't know what the fuck he wants from me. Like, that was me trying my hardest and I guess it just wasn't good enough. Ugh. Like, fuck! I almost slipped. I'm not meant to be a fucking sweetheart. I'm not. This shit is too... Like, I think they just forget I'm a fucking little lady. Like, I'm gonna get hit by a goddamn car. Like, I think he forgets that the other day I'm his girlfriend who he wanted to play Pong with and then I'm trying to play Pong and it's just like way too... Like, it's all boys and it's all really loud music and I already get overwhelmed. Like, I don't know what the fuck. He expects me and then when we lose, he gets really upset and I'm like, well, I tried. And he's like, well, I couldn't play because, like, because you play. Because if I play intensely, you freak out. Yeah, I'm your girlfriend trying to play Pong with you. I'm not another frat dude. I'm not some senior bro. I'm a sophomore who is now here surrounded by seniors. I don't know what the fuck she's doing.

Winter makes me like very sad and so bleak.

I'm reading Jackie Kennedy's, like, autobiography and Loki, Texas, Texas is just like a bad state Texas kind of sucks like they're just but like they say these are my internal thoughts but Texas is like the most like we need it to be like a rah rah America but Texas Loki sucks like the people and it's also 12 33 p.m. and my grandmother is texting me why is my grandmother texting me she says I am a night owl in bed but not sleeping like my grandma I was looking at the picture another internal thought I had it's kind of hard to mark them all down I miss my grandfather like a lot like I don't know he was a big pivotal point and so I just friended her today and Facebook messenger in her profile picture is with him and he passed like two years ago but it makes me sad I think like a lot of people at school do um so much and everyone puts on like such a strong front I think everyone's just like struggling a little bit



Boy conversation is looking crazy. They just all like ping pong back and forth. The boys just like have no considered thought. They all just talk over each other and then we get really confused what's going on.

I feel like I could go for a run right now, like run a mile and a half, I'm supposed to run later today but like it's bid day, I don't know if I want to do that because then I also have to like go watch PBS and do my fucking case.

Also, if you haven't picked up on it, I don't have positive internal thoughts. I may be like a positive person, but I'm very negative inside my head. I feel like a lot of girls, a lot of people are like that too. I'm not like, oh, good for you, I'm so proud of you. No. I'm usually mad at myself, or yelling, or going, what the fuck. I'm also a little tipsy right now, which is lovely. It's fucking noon. Not midnight, noon. But yeah, so. So who the fuck plays BPL at 10am in the morning? Sorry, sorry, no. But like. No, I don't think any female has positive internal thoughts.

Angela would like to make a guest appearance. You're gonna get another female's internal thoughts. What are your thoughts right now? Um... I can't think. Could you imagine if you had this when you were like over your breakup with Brett? Oh my god, I would be crying. I'd be sobbing. Give me like 20 minutes. Give me an hour. If you give me an hour and I look at all her photos, I can start sobbing. Do you have anything? I wonder if his audio would be picked up. Okay, this is such a dilly-dally thing. Please don't describe this one. Don't spend the time writing this one down. I noticed his profile photo changed. Were you in it? No.

Thank you very much.

Okay, test, test. One, two, three.

You ready? You go dog park? You ready to go play? You go play with the ball? Oh, this is an internal thought, because you're purposely- you don't think-

I need to, like, wake up more to play this stupid game, and she'd be, like, really quick to win. I think we'll win, the people we're playing are bad, it's just, I have to play better. So, that's lovely.

with guest appearance Sophia hi I would like to buy a gun you're gonna hear it I wish when you go this close it blows out of your body no like I have face boosted no literally it was me walking home drunk

I don't know. I'm a little more drunk than I thought I was. This did not need to be recorded. But I also don't know how to delete it. Winston, do you have anything to add? Beautiful.

So I'm not an Excel student because I'm filming English and I do business second and my partner does business. But like my partner is like, oh my god, like terrible, like business. She doesn't even know what the fuck she's doing in homework, so she does nothing. So this professor decides, like I think it's really funny watching Peter assign the most complicated homework for a class that doesn't even need Excel, like it's digital marketing, like what the fuck. And then he comes out of his office, he goes, how's everyone doing? And it's all like the English. Oh, I just see him, look at him bike. And it's all, wow, he's biking without hands. God. God, he thinks he's probably really, he probably thinks he's really cool. He is like a 50-year-old man that assigns really hard, wow, he's like really going. These are my internal thoughts, you know, positive as always. You guys should probably just not subscribe to any of this. But he does it like the hardest. Like so, for no reason, you can't look anything up and you can't talk to anyone but your partner. He just wants to fail everyone. And he comes out of his office and he's like, how are you guys doing? And then he goes and he gets his like a little, and he's like, oh, I'm biking home. And he gets on his little electric bike and he biked away. He just biked past me and he's literally like, oh my god. He's like, oh my god.

I think it's crazy that I'm like, oh, I do too much and I don't want to do anything. And then I go on Facebook Marketplace to like look for a gift for Lily and then now I'm debating if I want to drive 30 minutes there and 30 minutes back for a poster that's $12. Like I don't know what I'm doing.

This dog brings so much light into, it does, it brings like so much light into the house. Like we were just, we're just kind of like zombies and then we play tag and I got like so happy. I don't know, just having something that's like joyful makes a big difference. Cause we're both always sad.

Loki, Munoz, not a good person for skipping over the FIFA replay, took the joy out of Kuran's moment, just a thought. Red flag.

Tired and I think I like Loki do too much. I think he's kind of cute though, but I need to stop sleeping over at his place.

I think it's kind of crazy that we have a dog for context. All the past recordings before this were in the fight out house like 6pm Monday night and now it's 7 it's dark and it's cold I know but I think it's kind of crazy we have a dog and it's like so suburban it's giving it's giving like outside of 20s also for context Angela got dumped and now we have a dog like her dog from home is staying with us for a little bit you don't have to transcribe this part but I think it's

Okay, now's your time to shine. Are you still recording?

I have a Chiweenie at home. What's a Chiweenie? Chihuahua and wiener dog. She looks weird. Like two inches off the ground but still tall. Yeah, she looks like a little rat. Like a really large rat. Yeah, like a long rat. What's her name? Fisher. Fisher? And he just loves attention. He's the mean one side of life.

Jackson, would you like to make a guest appearance? Oh, can I? Yeah. Hmm. My internal thoughts today, um, so nice when the weather's nice, you know, everybody's just out, it's so lovely. Are you going to the UC or are you going to Calzone? All the... Oh, I'm going to the gym right now. Ugh. Yeah. But I'll be stopping for Calzone afterward. Hi, uh... Sharon's finally making something in design for one. Hey! That's a little mean of Jackson to say.

he probably thought he was really cool of that like Viking oh wow I'm so tough shit you know what mr. fucking professor you suck

My boyfriend makes me happy and I think he's cute.

I really, really love it.

I don't know why I'm stressed, like I have one assignment left to do tonight. I'm going to go social. I'm going to go walk across the quad with my boyfriend and it's sunny and it's not that cold out. I think it's just the downfall of this morning and seeing everyone and he's a little closed off and struggling. I hope he like, I can't really read him.

Winston, do you think any of this will go and be important and be helpful at all? Like, how well is my thought going to translate and help out with the Capstone Project? Probably not that much, but why not?

I honestly get mad, like, for how boring it is, you can't have any screens, you must be engaged, and all he does is talk for an hour and 20 minutes, and I have a class like that right before it, and I don't know, god, fucking 4.32 out of 4.50, I'm done. I cannot do it. I don't know how the other bitches do it.

Alex is going to make a guest appearance. Alex, do you have any internal thoughts you'd like to share? Design is really cool, in my opinion. You're all happy. Why are you all happy? Did you just talk to a girl or something?

Okay, this is totally separate. I'm trying to figure out, can this record 13 hours to 13 minutes? Ignore this. I also just started to auto-delete it.

Met you at the dive bar, you were so cool Now I can't remember how you I don't know why I don't- No, wait, uh How do I not know the words and this is like my favorite song? I know, you mentioned it at the street sun pool Wait, I'll pull it up Can you pull it up? And make fun Met you at- wait, I'll just wait Yeah, okay Okay, we'll just sing it to the song, it's just really fucking cool I'm gonna be like, this isn't worth Met you at the dive bar to go shoot some pool Oh, yeah Damn I thought it was little Make fun of the cowboys with the neck tattoos I ask easy questions about work and school You're shorter than me, I got like down here Oh I'm trying to be cool about it Feeling like an absolute fool about it Wishing you were kind enough to be cruel about it Telling myself I can always do without it Knowing that it probably isn't true That's enough That was beautiful That's enough

I like, do not like BPL, like honestly like fuck BPL, context, lost BPL at 10am, but I'm happy we lost.

It's too early for this. For context, the voice convinced me to play BPL, but like, it's really only 9am. 9am is really not that early, and it's not even that early to me, but I've just been like, waking up later and later. We practice volleyball until like, it's from 9 to 11pm, and then when I go to bed it's like 1, and then waking up it's like, I don't know, I sleep like 10 hours. I'm one of those people now.

It's a beautiful world without it Feel like an absolute fool about it Wishin' you were kind enough to be cruel about it

Angela's just thinking of getting an actual dog, and me and Rachel are very against this because then it's her dog that we have to take care of. He can't be alone for more than two, three hours, and now she texted me asking if I could walk him. I'm home for literally 30 minutes, and she was like, can you take him on a 20-minute walk? This is not my dog. I did not sign up for this. I thought it was in my mind, and I just wanted to sit and read my book for 20 minutes, but instead, to walk this stupid dog. The thing is, Winston didn't do anything wrong. Winston's just here, and Winston didn't have a choice to be here.

Okay, I take that back. It's actually very pretty outside and I should work on being more positive, but it's like warm and sunny and reminds me of spring. I like my grandparents' house. I go there a lot.

I think my room's a mess, but in reality, I just need to put away my laundry, but, and hang the photos and order the poster, and switch the desk, and organize that corner, oh god. But, it's honestly not that bad.

I'm tired.

That glass makes me want to claw my eyes out.

It feels very adult. It feels very new. It feels very scary. I don't know why this dog... Loki makes me a little nervous.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------


Hello, hello! Little Yoshi just left, but I hope everything for him goes well. I think that Julia is hurt, but I think this is saveable, to be honest. I hope he finds a good snack at CVS. Brian chat went well, I went in thinking that I might have to leave with all of the other shit that I left at his house, but apparently he just had an epiphany of how much of a fucking asshole he is. So, in total, we'll talk again in a month. Also, he just sent me this crazy drunk text about him and Cece. Very fratty, I agree with all the commentary about that. I'm gonna pretend that I did not read it and decide if I want to answer or not in the morning, because technically we're supposed to be on no contact, but we seem to be having a very hard time doing that. But yeah, actually, the conversation went well. It was kinda nice to just hang out, kinda like we used to. And when I say used to, I mean like a while back, because he's been a fucking jackass. But, I don't know, I really hope he fixes himself up. Yeah, it's just, it's so conflicting, because one part of me knows that it might just be easier to find someone else who is more mature and more ready and has more empathy for others, I guess. But, I don't know. It's been a long time. Other than the fact that he doesn't know how to show he cares, and he does not think about his actions at all. Like, we know each other. And that's kind of a weird place to be in. I don't know, Viv said to me, like, I feel like you're making the right decisions for yourself. But I don't really know if this is an easier or harder decision than just breaking it off. I don't know. But I feel better than I did when I left. I feel fine. I think things will be fine for now. We'll see what happens. I hope that he doesn't fuck up in a month. And I hope if we talk and everything goes well, he doesn't fuck up again for a very, very, very, very, very, very long time. If I'm even willing to go through with all of that. But, yeah, we'll fucking see. Life is crazy. There was a cat stuck in my walls yesterday. That's fucking bonkers to me. Jesus Christ. There's so much shit going on right now. I feel like I am the TV drama. Like, and it would be a good show. Like, this shit would sell. Anyways, that is it. Goodbye.

This bitch is on his way. He has not texted me or told me that he's on his way, but I know he is on his way. And I was fine for the day. I did ceramics for like three fucking hours this morning, but now I feel about ready to have a panic attack. So that's wonderful. And because I've been anxious, my entire chest has been turning red, kinda like I have rosacea. So I'm very excited for that, but I still have no fucking idea what he wants to talk about, uh, quite frankly because his text wasn't that clear, um, and I don't even know why I'm anxious, which is like something that's just pissing me off, but we'll see what happens I guess.

Today was a very, very anger-fueled day. Walking home from working on campus, all I could think about was the fact that Cassie and I had had a conversation the night before about Rochelle letting Brian into the house, and I was so pissed, and I was like, what if we made a dartboard and we just put her face on it, because that's how much it angered me, and the entire way home, I was listening to my music, and all I could think about was attacking her face with a dartboard. And as I'm making this recording, because it is now night time, she is outside of this room. I will not speak to her, and I fucking hope she does not speak to me. But, on another note, Brian texted me, and he wants to talk, and fine, whatever, whatever it is, I want to get it over with. I just kind of really wish that he had waited till tomorrow to send that message, so now I don't have to freak out about it tonight, because, you know, if he wants to be the person after all this to be like, I don't think I can do this, that's fucking fine, but I want to get it over with. But I have absolutely no idea what he's going to say, I don't really know when this is going to happen, and yeah, it just sucks, because you're just waiting to have a conversation, instead of just having it, but I'm also not having it, any sort of conversation like that, after 11pm. But yeah, shit's crazy, I'm very mad at lots of people, I can't even say I'm disappointed in people right now, I'm just fucking mad. Some of these people just have no fucking respect for others, and I don't know why people are always constantly pushing my fucking boundaries. Like I'm explicitly telling you things, and literally cannot respect me for like more than 24 hours, and that's just fucking crazy to me, like why are people like this? Also, because like, I live with seven girls now, it's really fucking weird how divided this is, once the beef starts, you're kind of stuck in the whole tornado, and it sucks that the beef in this house is also corresponding to my own relationship problems. Also, like, I don't know, I came home after that whole wanting to kill Rochelle with a dart board to supposedly hang out with Cassie, checked to see if she herself was home, only to find out that Brian was driving around with Rochelle and Joanne in his car right after I had just yelled at him and Rochelle that night, and like am not happy with Jo because she is also part of this, and like, like I feel like this whole house is divided, and it's like all of them, and then Rochelle and Jo, and Brian really seems to be picking his sides, um, I don't really know how to feel about that.

